I did not fall on the floor and not to
stupid understand us review and eat
shrek producers
we came to this farm for my favorite
presidential tradition pardon
turkey fun hortona
don't be afraid i don't eat i
this is life
the rise of a private is not lower than grass and quieter
waters and mobilized on top secret
what are you doing task we will be back in
the past to strike a turkey out
holiday menu with anyone chatting with
handsome
understands me won nods I am and
time machine is written but true
written attention what type in the oven them
appointment 1621
we are not a dozen eggs here bed here it is
healthy turkey she wants you and
fed
I mean the birds of the last heart
the enemy is close listen to me like one
for our pack
how do we get there my fucking
pumped muscles throw you through
fence cool people back to the future
ahead of me you
see the devil don't you dare sing my personal
simply
why didn't you see the hell ?